I wished my old tree good morning as I rustled my way through its branches and set my back down on the slope that its trunk had been building. The sunlight had just begun to lift the dewdrops, slowly making room for the songleaves around them to transform the new morning breeze into the music of the spirits.

You cannot hear the first note of a jiyu's song. There is no grand entrance or catchy hook. It's more like a choir of thousands of distant voices all entering and exiting at different times with their pre-ordained notes. When you start to hear the song, you realize that it's been singing for a while, only your mind was not clear enough to focus on it. No mind has been or will ever be clear enough to know which of a jiyu's leaves sang first. Only the tree can know, and it will forever keep it secret.

It was under this tree that I was born. Among the plants and animates that called this magnificent tree home, I made my first cry to the heavens and the heavens sang back through the leaves. My mother used to tell me it was the most beautiful thing watching me be born. They had been waiting all night for me to start inching out, but I wouldn't budge until just before dawn. It had been raining that night and the leaves of the tree were glistening with a crescent of green light from our sibling planet, Surien. She told me that the song the tree sang that morning had never sounded quite so much like a lullaby, carrying me in its arms the way she would do. I still imagine it sometimes when I come here, laying in her arms within the greatest sound in all the world.
