  You cannot hear the first note of a jiyu's song. There is no grand entrance or catchy hook. No meandering conversation between a point and its counter. Each leaf is but the gentlest voice in a choir of wind. In the calm, or when it's too chilly the song is inaudible. But as the wind slowly picks up and the sun peeks above the horizon, you start to recognize the sound, only it's been there for a while and you can't place exactly when it began. At full breeze you are deafened by the sound of every leaf and the complexity of the resounding chords and flourishes.
  It was under this tree that I was born. Among its leaves and stems and branches, I made my first cry to the world and the world sang back to me. My mother used to describe to me how beautiful it was to hold me in her arms for the first time in this place. I still imagine it sometimes when I come here: laying in her arms after a nap, hidden within the greatest sound in all the world. She would sleep longer than me, and I would stare at her hair bobbing in the wind against the pale orange of our the star.
  The traditions say it is good luck to be born under a jiyu, and to be born under its song is a blessing unmatched by any other. I've never felt particularly blessed, born a regular ofan in an agricultural town. No real talents other than tilling soil or harvesting root vegetables. I once caught the milta that had eaten almost half of our parsnips, so I guess I'm quick as well, but that's pretty typical for a ofan. Perhaps it is simply that I have never put my luck to the test. I tried falling in love, and I got married so I wouldn't have to do it again. I go to the city sometimes with my spouses, but it's usually to help with something at Melna's work. People say we should have children, but we decided to wait for a while so that Kip can finally have some free time. I leave my adventures to the dealings of my garden, and my library of books.
  This morning's adventure was to come back to my birthplace, a birthday tradition of Palinians. Though my parents have passed, I still feel their presence here whenever I come back. They welcome me as the tree does with its great branch-arms stretched wide toward the sun. "I'm back," I tell them, and they let out a sigh of relief that I have made it another year. I take my place next to its trunk and wait for the song to lift me.
  Silence.
  "Something is wrong," my subconscious began.
  I fought back, "It's fine. It's just a little late," and went back to waiting.
  "...It's not coming. Something is wrong."
  The wind had picked up and the sun was warming the land, but the Jiyu remained silent.
  "It's gone. Why is it gone?"
  I stopped my panicked head with a deep breath. "It's just too cold," I said aloud. "The leaves are too cold to sing."
  The air had barely a chill, but the tree remained silent as I tossed and turned trying to come up with an answer that would settle my mind. None came.
  I stood up and dusted off my trousers, catching a last glimpse of the red horizon sun through the leaves. This place began to unsettle me, as if it were possessed by some malicious spirit, unseen and brooding.
  A memory of my mother's voice passed through my mind, pulling me back into the past,    
    "Nature speaks loudest when it is silent***.
    "What is it saying?" I asked her, as I always would. She always told me to listen a little closer, that the answer was in what I didn't hear. Here, beneath my old tree, I was hearing only the beginning of the answer, and it was deafening.
